Update GenAI-Perf README and tutorial doc (#89)
triton-inference-server/perf_analyzer: genai-perf/docs/tutorial.md

# Profile Large Language Models with GenAI-Perf

This tutorial will demonstrate how you can use GenAI-Perf to measure the performance of
various inference endpoints such as
[KServe inference protocol](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/tree/master/docs/predict-api/v2)
and [OpenAI API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/introduction)
that are widely used across the industry.

### Table of Contents

- [Profile GPT2 running on Triton + TensorRT-LLM Backend](#tensorrt-llm)
- [Profile GPT2 running on Triton + vLLM Backend](#triton-vllm)
- [Profile GPT2 running on OpenAI Chat Completions API-Compatible Server](#openai-chat)
- [Profile GPT2 running on OpenAI Completions API-Compatible Server](#openai-completions)

</br>

## Profile GPT-2 running on Triton + TensorRT-LLM <a id="tensorrt-llm"></a>

You can follow the [quickstart guide](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/triton_cli?tab=readme-ov-file#serving-a-trt-llm-model)

> on the Triton CLI github repo to serve GPT-2 model on the Triton server with TensorRT-LLM backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the Triton CLI repository to serve GPT-2 model on the Triton server with TensorRT-LLM backend.
```

Author: thanks for catching this. Updated the sentence

┃                         Statistic ┃    avg ┃    min ┃    max ┃    p99 ┃    p90 ┃    p75 ┃
┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━┩
│          Time to first token (ms) │  13.68 │  11.07 │  21.50 │  18.81 │  14.29 │  13.97 │
│          Inter token latency (ms) │   1.86 │   1.28 │   2.11 │   2.11 │   2.01 │   1.95 │
│              Request latency (ms) │ 203.70 │ 180.33 │ 228.30 │ 225.45 │ 216.48 │ 211.72 │
│            Output sequence length │ 103.46 │  95.00 │ 134.00 │ 122.96 │ 108.00 │ 104.75 │
│             Input sequence length │ 200.00 │ 200.00 │ 200.00 │ 200.00 │ 200.00 │ 200.00 │
│ Output token throughput (per sec) │ 504.02 │    N/A │    N/A │    N/A │    N/A │    N/A │
│      Request throughput (per sec) │   4.87 │    N/A │    N/A │    N/A │    N/A │    N/A │
└───────────────────────────────────┴────────┴────────┴────────┴────────┴────────┴────────┘
```

## Profile GPT-2 running on Triton + vLLM <a id="triton-vllm"></a>

You can follow the [quickstart guide](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/triton_cli?tab=readme-ov-file#serving-a-vllm-model)

> on the Triton CLI github repo to serve GPT-2 model on the Triton server with vLLM backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the Triton CLI repository to serve GPT-2 model on the Triton server with vLLM backend.
```

Author: updated the sentence

Reviewer: Thanks!
